KOGITO-7268: Patch PR for KOGITO-7267 with doc improvements in Consuming and producing events on Knative Eventing guide (#107)
kiegroup/kogito-docs: serverlessworkflow/modules/ROOT/pages/eventing/consume-produce-events-with-knative-eventing.adoc

The following table lists the health check probe configuration property:

.Health check probe configuration property
[cols="30%,30%,40%", options="header"]
|===
|Property|Default value|Description

|`org.kie.kogito.addons.knative.health_enabled`
|`true`
|This property indicates if the health check is enabled to verify that the `K_SINK` variable is injected into the environment.

|===
--

Knative target sink generation configuration::
+
--
The Kogito Knative Eventing add-on generates a few Knative objects during build time. By default, the add-on generates a link:{knative_eventing_doc_url}/broker[Knative Broker] named `default` if the workflow application is acting as an event source.

The following table lists the configuration properties related to Knative sink generation:

.Knative sink generation configuration properties
[cols="30%,30%,40%", options="header"]
|===
|Property|Default value|Description

|`org.kie.kogito.addons.knative.auto_generate_broker`
|true

> |This property indicates if the Kogito Knative Eventing add-on generates a default Knative Broker in memory to sink and dispatch the messages. Set this property to `false` in case a broker is already installed in your namespace instead of the default one. Note that you can use `org.kie.kogito.addons.knative.eventing.sink.*` property to configure your custom sink. If this property is not set, then the auto-generated broker works as a sink.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|This property indicates if the Kogito Knative Eventing add-on generates a default Knative Broker in memory to sink and dispatch the messages. Set this property to `false` in case a broker is already installed in your namespace. Note that you can use `org.kie.kogito.addons.knative.eventing.sink.*` property to configure your custom sink. If this property is not set, then the auto-generated broker works as a sink.
```

Author: Done

The configuration described in this section is useful if your Serverless Workflow consists of at least one `consumed` type link:{spec_doc_url}#Event-Definition[event definition]. In this scenario, the workflow application consumes events, acting as a Knative sink.

When the workflow application needs to consume events, the Knative Eventing add-on generates link:{knative_eventing_doc_url}/broker/triggers[Knative triggers]. The Knative triggers are configured to listen to a broker with the required event type, which is defined in your Serverless Workflow definition.

The following table lists the configuration property related to Knative sink generation:

.Knative sink generation configuration property
|===
|Property|Default value|Description

|`org.kie.kogito.addons.knative.broker`
|`default`
|This property indicates the name of the default Knative broker that is deployed in the Kubernetes namespace. This broker is used as the reference to create the Knative triggers, which are responsible to delegate the events that the Kogito service consumes.

|===

[[proc-generating-kn-objects-build-time]]
== Generating Knative objects during build time

> Kogito can generate Knative objects during the workflow application build time to facilitate the deployment in a Kubernetes cluster. The procedure described in this section is useful if you plan to configure and deploy the Knative objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kogito can generate Knative objects during the workflow application build time to facilitate the deployment in a Kubernetes cluster. However, you don't need to use these objects if you plan to create and deploy them by yourself.
```

Reviewer: This section should suggest that the objects generated by Kogito are optional and a suggestive approach to deploying the application on Knative. Users can opt to create these objects manually or use any other tool/method.

Author: Got it, thanks
Changed the sentence as follows:

However, you do not need to use the generated objects if you plan to create and deploy the Knative objects by yourself.

[IMPORTANT]
====

> Regardless of the number of produced events in the workflow definition, only one `SinkBinding` is generated. When you define multiple events, ensure that your sink is acting as a broker. The listener services can configure the subscriptions or triggers to consume the events from the broker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Regardless of the number of produced events in the workflow definition, only one `SinkBinding` is generated. When you define multiple events, ensure that your sink is a Knative Broker. The listener services can configure the subscriptions or triggers to consume the events from the broker.
```

Author: Done
